Design of a database and implementation of a web application

Part 1
The following activities are required:

- Create a MySQL script with:
  1. The instructions for creating the database corresponding to the indicated logical schema and the specification
of the appropriate constraints;
  2. The instructions for populating the database created in the previous step (at least 5 records for the
people table, 2 podcast records and at least 2 appearances)

- Write the MySQL statements to perform the following operations.
  1. Querying the database created By setting a person's social security number, display the list of
all of that person's podcast appearances that are not their own. For each appearance
display the title of the podcast and the episode number. Sort the appearances in ascending order of date
of release.
  2. Enter data into the database. Enter data about a new person in the database and their
his first appearance at a podcast that already exists in the database.

Part 2
Design a web application for online consultation of the database created above.
The application must allow the two distinct activities described below to be carried out.

QUERYING THE DATABASE CREATED.
Develop a page in which, by selecting a person's tax code (from a drop-down menu generated by the
contents of the database table) and a podcast (from a text box), it displays all its
appearances in the specified podcast. For each appearance, display the name of the podcast, the number of the
episode, the publication date of the episode. Sort the appearances in descending date order.
Add a text field to optionally filter podcasts on the requested service. For the person
specified in the request display a graph showing the number of appearances for the 5 podcasts with the most
frequencies. The search form must fulfil the following constraints:
  - A specific error message must be generated in case of missing data (non-optional empty fields).
  - A specific error message must be generated in case the entered service does not exist.
  
DATA ENTRY IN THE DATABASE.
Develop a page that contains all the fields necessary for the entry of a
new appearance of a person (existing or new) at an existing podcast in the database
(insertion of a record in the Appearance table).
  - If the person is an existing person, it is sufficient to enter his or her tax code.
  - If the person is new, all fields must be entered (insertion of a record in the PERSON table)
  
The selection of the podcast code should be done via a drop-down menu generated from the content of the
table of the database. The insertion form must fulfil the following constraints:
  - A specific error message must be generated in case of missing data (empty fields) or incorrectly
  typed correctly (incorrect data format). In the event of errors, the page must notify the
  relevant error.
  - A specific error message must be generated in case the end time of appearance is earlier
  the start time of the appearance.
  - If the person cannot be entered, the entry of the appearance must not be made.
  - If the insertion ends successfully, the form should display a message of successful insertion
  with a message informing about the total number of appearances of the person, otherwise it must
  notify the error with the reason for the failed insertion




